so on last friday january third 2014
sure I've NYC my clothing brand drop its
final part of the splatter collection my
first official collection I've ever
dropped in the passive is just some
every drop which is a t-shirt and then
this winter I to Z States December 26
and January third and we just pushed out
three different types of t shirts a
hoody ahead as well as some accessories
so I wouldn't be taking you guys through
each product that came out of Colorado
most of the products are sold out on the
store i'll go through it but yeah it was
a really successful release i'm really
thankful for all the support i got it
was really great that i was able to just
launch this and finally puts on me i've
been trying to do for a while into
reality through the job so i appreciate
all your guys support and let's get into
it i want to know what you guys think of
everything I've done so let's get
started alright so we're starting off
with the white trash splatter skyline
too so you could teach us a black
graphic on a white t-shirt share having
the bottom right corner and a splatter
design right there with the skyline it
just fades into lightness basically and
then you can see the tagging on this is
trev NYC and then this has a black
splatter on the back so this T came out
on the 26 along with this black t-shirt
both of these were featured in the
lookbook this is a really dumpling as
well same design just a black same
tagging with that and white and then
this came out kinda third this is the
full t-shirt the full splatter so you
have the giraffe right there on the
middle in the chest and menu of the full
splatter coming up with the skyline very
subtly in the back and then the tagging
on this is just made in USA
Jareth animosity so three values of t
shirts just a black and white very
minimal contrast in combination with the
splatter design those are the three
t-shirts that came out next we have my
personal favorite of the collection the
Heather tri-blend hoodie so Jesus is
your Evan script this is the same file
from the original dream t-shirt that
came out but got the heather heather
gray hoodie with the white printing
these are actually heavyweight made in
canada how these right here so i wanted
to make them 20 outshot him that's
attacking on him pretty dope they came
out really sick I'm really happy with
that so that's the hoodies these came
out on the third and there's now sold
out so next we have the triblend wool
she a leather strap back hat this is one
of my favorite pieces as well it's
another metal clasps neck strap back and
the tribal and wool with the embroidery
yeah they should have with the black
really dope that sold out as well now
watching Lisa and next we have the
iphone splatter case mrs. part of the
accessory pack of the world but it is
available by itself for $18 I've ever
feel from 5 and 5s and the iphone 4 oh
this is actually the reason why i think
the splatter collection really exists i
need a new phone case and I had like the
splatter design just poked away by all
my designs and stuff and I decided to
put on a phone case it just came out
really really dope this was actually the
first one that I made the first flatter
design ever printed and then I had the
skyline and all that so these are still
available for eighteen dollars on the
site and then you can buy the accessory
pack with all of this stuff which
includes the pin keychain which is
really no big lighter the splatter big
lighter which is really cool as well and
then you had a couple bumper stickers
and everything so all of this stuff's
still available but all the clothing is
sold out um so yeah I appreciate all
your guys support thank you guys so much
be sure to keep checking user of NYC
calm for blog post also 2014 i'm
launching my
new blog site Joe revenger calm I will
be updating that with blogs related to
the revenue IC design so and the
comments below let me know what you guys
think of my collection oh this is the
first time I really rolled out a bunch
of different types of garments in at one
time it's usually just in you know a 123
lat time like all the rest of the drops
I've had so it was definitely different
my next collection is going to be one
more step up than what I've done and
what I just did it one more step up from
what I've been doing so just keep trying
to grow keep trying to make really cool
products at good prices for you guys on
the comments below let me know what you
guys think of the collection do you guys
copy anything I appreciate that so much
if you support if you just like once the
guys man I appreciate that tube like
it's all just helping me grow helping me
do it I'm what I love to do and it's
just really amazing so the cops will let
me know what you guys think at the
collection any criticisms I'm open to it
I want to grow want to learn so yeah
thank you guys for watching be sort of
taste it be sure to stay tuned for more
videos and yet peace